README.md, before:

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]](LICENSE.md)

# Drone DPG Toolkit

The Drone DPG toolkit is a repository of drones-for-public-good resources including text, image, video and audio content, and open-source software, code, libraries, and open training datasets. 

Specific contributions to the Drone DPG Toolkit can be the following:

* Standard Operating Procedures and regulations documents for drone operations
* Open-learning material and online courses for drones 
* Open-source software for drones
* Open-source a.i. training datasets for various drone data use cases
* Decision-making guides 
* How-to guides 
* Company information for drone companies or other entities implementing open source drone DPG solutions.

## :memo: License

This repository is primarily content, and it is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License](LICENSE.md).

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]](LICENSE.md)

> This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.
> 
> You are free to:
> * **Share** — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
> * **Adapt** — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
> 
> The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
> 
> * **Attribution** — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
> * **ShareAlike** — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
>
> No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-blue.svg

Commit message:

:link: :mag: README: Add GitHub Pages link, CircleCI status badge
This commit updates the README with a few changes:

* Adds a CircleCI build status badge
* Replaces link to `LICENSE.md` file with a link to Creative Commons
  legal page about the license
* Adds link to the published version of the site on GitHub Pages

Signed-off-by: Justin W. Flory (he/him) [UNICEF Innovation] <jflory@unicef.org>

README.md, after:

[UNICEF Drones for Sustainable Development Goals Toolkit][github-pages]
=======================================================================

[![License: CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa-legal]
[![CircleCI build status](https://circleci.com/gh/unicef/drone-4sdgtoolkit/tree/main.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/unicef/drone-4sdgtoolkit/tree/main)

The UNICEF Drones for Sustainable Development Goals Toolkit is a repository of drones-for-public-good resources including text, image, video and audio content, and open-source software, code, libraries, and open training datasets.
Find the published version of this toolkit [here][github-pages].

Specific contributions to the Drone DPG Toolkit can be the following:

* Standard Operating Procedures and regulations documents for drone operations
* Open-learning material and online courses for drones
* Open-source software for drones
* Open-source A.I. training datasets for various drone data use cases
* Decision-making guides
* How-to guides
* Company information for drone companies or other entities implementing open source drone DPG solutions.


## :memo: License

This repository is primarily content, and it is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa-legal].

[![License: CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa-legal]

> This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.
>
> You are free to:
> * **Share** — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
> * **Adapt** — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
>
> The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
>
> * **Attribution** — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
> * **ShareAlike** — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
>
> No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-legal]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-blue.svg
[github-pages]: https://unicef.github.io/drone-4sdgtoolkit/
